[DOCS] Adding metadata to articles (#18153)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/IE_PLUGIN_DG/plugin_transformation_pipeline/low_precision_transformations/pipeline/step4_cleanup.md

@sphinxdirective

.. meta::
   :description: Check the list of transformations used to clean up the 

>                  resulting model to avoid not handled dequantization operations.

Reviewer: maybe unhandled?

> .. meta::
>    :description: Check the list of transformations used to clean up the 
>                  resulting model to avoid not handled dequantization operations.

Author: ```suggestion
.. meta::
   :description: Check the list of transformations used to clean up the 
                 resulting model to avoid unhandled dequantization operations.
```
